Welcome to the H&dM AI-Onboarding.
This first video will explain what Artificial Intelligence is,
introduce a few basic AI terms,
and look at the most common ways AI is currently used at our practice.
Artificial Intelligence, or AI, is a general-purpose technology.
That means it is not one single tool for one single task.
Like electricity, computing, or the internet,
it can be applied across many different fields and workflows.
At a basic level, a so called 'AI model' is a trained software system
that analyzes large amounts of data, recognizes patterns,
and generates output.
These models do not learn in real-time, but have a cut-off date.
This is why they need additional context
to give answers related to recent events.
Depending on the task, AI can work in different ways.
Predictive AI helps estimate, classify, or analyze outcomes.
It can support tasks such as clustering information,
identifying patterns, or comparing options.
Generative AI creates new content, such as text, images,
code, video, diagrams, or sound.
Agentic AI goes a step further:
it can use tools, follow multi-step instructions,
and support more complex workflows within defined limits.
Today, most AI use at H&dM is generative AI,
together with some selected agentic use cases.
The most common generative AI tools are Large Language Models,
or LLMs, such as ChatGPT.
These models are especially useful for drafting, summarizing,
translating, rephrasing,
reviewing spelling and grammar,
and supporting early writing or coding tasks.
Another important area is image generation and image enhancement.
Image generation models, such as Nano Banana,
can support early visual exploration,
mood boards, illustrative sketches, diagrams, or image enhancement.
We highly encourage you to explore the possibilities
of using AI in your daily work.
AI can help us explore various designs, communicate more clearly,
work more efficiently or even enable completely new skills
that are currently outside of our core expertise.
But it also comes with risks and responsibilities.
These are the focus of the next video.